The Internet has been around for many years, but it was the invention of the Worldwide Web
that made it really useful to people.
Together the Internet and the Worldwide Web have changed the world.
The Internet was invented by the US government in the 1960s for the Army to use.
In the 1970s, scientists and business people also wanted to use the Internet to send and
receive messages.
For some years people could only send very simple texts.
They could not send photos or documents by the Internet.
That changed in 1991 when a British scientist named Tim Berners-Lee invented the Worldwide
Web.
The Worldwide Web allows people to send various types of files, such as texts, photos and
videos by the Internet, so more and more people started to use it in the 1990s.
Today the Web has hundreds of millions of users.
It has changed the way people live, work and play.
Through the Internet, email allows us to communicate nearly instantly with people thousands
of miles away.
People and businesses use e-commerce and online shopping to buy and sell things across
the world.
The Web also makes people's lives easier, because now many things can be done from home,
24 hours a day.
The Web can help you do research for your homework, so that you do not need to go to the library.
You can use Internet banking instead of going to the bank, and of course people just surf
the Web when they want to relax.
Technology changes quickly, and it is hard to imagine what the future of the Internet and
the Web will be, but it seems impossible to imagine life without them.